Add Prefect Server troubleshooting docs (#5120)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/orchestration/server/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

Having trouble with Prefect Server? This page contains solutions to common problems.

## How to know if there's a problem

After running `prefect server start`, you should be able to view the Prefect UI in a web browser at the address [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080). This can work even if the server hasn't fully started yet.

You'll know there's a problem if the color of the connection menu in the upper-right-corner Prefect UI transitions between yellow and red, and never turns green.

> You will see the message `Couldn't connect to Prefect Server at http://localhost:4200/graphql` when you click on the connection menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll see the message `Couldn't connect to Prefect Server at http://localhost:4200/graphql` when you click on the connection menu.
```

> ![](/orchestration/server/could-not-connect.png)

Reviewer: Looks like a misspelling here with docs/.vuepress/public/orchestration/server/coult-not-connect.png

Author: Thanks -- and thanks for your copy suggestions! I'm not sure how I should link to the images, mostly because I don't know exactly how to build the docs and check my work. I did try to follow the path + URLs used elsewhere, e.g.: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/blob/0f3270f0de4418bd089b8e9bd65da42f5a39ed86/docs/core/about_prefect/thinking-prefectly.md?plain=1#L199

Reviewer: It looks to me like you're linking correctly, but I'm setting up to review a local doc build after a couple meetings.
You can follow the directions here to preview locally, with the caveat that the build process works best (in my short experience) with Node 14 LTS, _not_ Node 16. https://docs.prefect.io/core/development/documentation.html#previewing-docs-locally
I'm using nvm to make sure the correct version is set when working on the docs.

Author: Thanks for that tip! I was just trying to troubleshoot the docs build with node 17. I'll downgrade to 14.

Reviewer: Let us know how that works. I am trying to capture doc build troubleshooting notes as I become more familiar with it.

Author: It worked! Glad I checked locally because doing so revealed that I needed to add the new page to the `sidebar` object in `docs/.vuepress/config.js`.

Also, now I see what you mean about the filename. 😅 Fixed!

Reviewer: Confirmed this builds correctly and everything looks good. Thanks @abrookins

**Don't panic!** The troubleshooting steps in this section might help.

## The Hasura container failed to start

After you run `prefect server start`, the server's Docker containers should start. However, the Hasura container might fail to start if Docker doesn't have enough memory.

When this happens, the following message will appear in your terminal after you run `prefect server start`:

```
t-hasura-1 exited with code 137
```

::: tip Finding this line

> You may need to search with your terminal to find this line of output -- it won't be the last line printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to search with your terminal to find this line of output &mdash; it won't be the last line printed.
```

:::

> The solution to this problem is giving Docker more memory. The default in Docker Desktop is 2 GB, which may not be enough to run Prefect Server. We recommend giving Docker at least 8 GB of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution to this problem is configuring Docker to use more memory. The default in Docker Desktop is 2GB, which may not be enough to run Prefect Server. We recommend giving Docker at least 8GB of memory.
```

::: tip Docker memory is shared

> The memory that you give Docker is shared between all running containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the memory that you configure for Docker is shared between all running containers.
```
